Question 1:The tools and techniques for web development do change over the years but there are a few ways to keep up with the changes that are made is follow people that are in the web development world so you can see what is new and going on. So when stuff are changing they will most likely be the first to say or work on it. Another thing that can help is researching on your own time and see what is new and learned from other youtube developer. Another thing that can be helpful is meetups with other developers and see what is new and what is not and what other things you can learn that you did not already.

Question 2: The lecture and readings discussed some of the limitations of using floats for layouts, the limitations are centering the elements vertically, if you have multiple elements how do you make them have the same height/width with the available space you have, and When you have multiple columns how do you make it have the same content. With floats it is harder to make the content layout because the way you move is only vertical and left to right or right to left. For example the froggy game. you are limited to where to move the frogs to the correct toad pad. You create a flex container so you can move your element to the directions you want it to move and with simple direction. like if you want the frogs to be in a row in a flex-direction but if you want the frogs to be in the opposite or then you do is put row-reverse to put it in the opposite order.

Question 3: One of the property that affects one of the axes is flex-direction. Flex-direction moves across and up and down the axis. it is used to separate the different links or elements from each other and also look more presentable when web designing.
